sat-3016  - Added/Edited new chapter/assembly about foreman webhooks (#636)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_shellhooks.adoc

[id="shellhooks_{context}"]
= Shellhooks

> You can install a {SmartProxy} Shellhooks plugin that exposes executables using a REST HTTPS API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install a {SmartProxy} shellhooks that exposes executables using a REST HTTPS API.
```

> You can install a {SmartProxy} Shellhooks that exposes executables using a REST HTTPS API.

Reviewer: Reads strange. Should it be:
```suggestion
You can install {SmartProxy} Shellhooks that expose executables using a REST HTTPS API.
```

Scripts must be placed in `/var/lib/foreman-proxy/shellhooks` as executables with only alphanumeric characters and underscores in the name.

The HTTPS payload is passed using standard input, optional command line arguments can be provided using X-Shellhook-Arg-1 _to_ N.

> The HTTP method must be POST. An example URL would be: `https://{smartproxy-example-com}:{smartproxy_port}/shellhooks/my_script`.

Reviewer: Please move second sentence onto a new line.

> Authorization with {Project} client checkbox must be enabled for each webhook to authorize a call.

Reviewer 2: Probably it's a mention of `Proxy Authorization` checkbox in the webhook form:
![ScreenShot-1627553978524](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32508194/127475407-3ddbf1e9-2376-4e55-a019-ecfdceeff5dc.png)

As help tooltip says: `Authorize with Foreman client certificate and validate smart-proxy CA from Settings`. AFAIK it needs to be enabled to make calls (send webhooks) to the smart proxy with shellhooks feature.

> Authorization with {Project} client checkbox must be enabled for each webhook to authorize a call.

Reviewer: Thanks so much! To be in line with IBM style, please change this sentence to: 

```suggestion
Select the *Proxy Authorization* check box to enable each webhook to authorize a call.
```

[id="shellhooks_{context}"]

> = Shellhooks usage details

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
= Shellhooks Usage Details
```

> You can install a {SmartProxy} Shellhooks that expose executables using a REST HTTPS API.

Reviewer 3: Do you mean "shellhooks plugin"?
